Source/ThirdParty/libwebrtc/Source/third_party/libvpx/source/libvpx/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. There are
just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

## Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a Contributor License
Agreement. You (or your employer) retain the copyright to your contribution;
this simply gives us permission to use and redistribute your contributions as
part of the project. Head over to <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see
your current agreements on file or to sign a new one.

You generally only need to submit a CLA once, so if you've already submitted one
(even if it was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it
again.

## Code reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use a [Gerrit](https://www.gerritcodereview.com) instance hosted at
https://chromium-review.googlesource.com for this purpose.

See https://www.webmproject.org/code/contribute/submitting-patches for an
example of a typical gerrit workflow.

## Community Guidelines

This project follows
[Google's Open Source Community Guidelines](https://opensource.google.com/conduct/).

Commit message:

Update libvpx up to M120 https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=265864 rdar://119184902
Reviewed by Alex Christensen.

* Source/ThirdParty/libwebrtc/Configurations/Base-libvpx.xcconfig:
* Source/ThirdParty/libwebrtc/Configurations/libvpx.xcconfig:
* Source/ThirdParty/libwebrtc/Source/third_party/libvpx: Resynced.
* Source/ThirdParty/libwebrtc/libwebrtc.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj:

Originally-landed-as: 271870@main (9a7b50c8e63e). rdar://119184902
Canonical link: https://commits.webkit.org/271922@main

Source/ThirdParty/libwebrtc/Source/third_party/libvpx/source/libvpx/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to Contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. There are
just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

## Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a Contributor License
Agreement. You (or your employer) retain the copyright to your contribution;
this simply gives us permission to use and redistribute your contributions as
part of the project. Head over to <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see
your current agreements on file or to sign a new one.

You generally only need to submit a CLA once, so if you've already submitted one
(even if it was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it
again.

## Code reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use a [Gerrit](https://www.gerritcodereview.com) instance hosted at
https://chromium-review.googlesource.com for this purpose. See the
[WebM Project page](https://www.webmproject.org/code/contribute/submitting-patches/)
for additional details.

## Community Guidelines

This project follows
[Google's Open Source Community Guidelines](https://opensource.google.com/conduct/).
