LayoutTests/imported/w3c/web-platform-tests/tools/third_party/attrs/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Pull Request Check List

This is just a reminder about the most common mistakes.  Please make sure that you tick all *appropriate* boxes.  But please read our [contribution guide](http://www.attrs.org/en/latest/contributing.html) at least once, it will save you unnecessary review cycles!

- [ ] Added **tests** for changed code.
- [ ] New features have been added to our [Hypothesis testing strategy](https://github.com/python-attrs/attrs/blob/master/tests/strategies.py).
- [ ] Updated **documentation** for changed code.
- [ ] Documentation in `.rst` files is written using [semantic newlines](http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/2012/one-sentence-per-line/).
- [ ] Changed/added classes/methods/functions have appropriate `versionadded`, `versionchanged`, or `deprecated` [directives](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/markup/para.html#directive-versionadded).
- [ ] Changes (and possible deprecations) have news fragments in [`changelog.d`](https://github.com/python-attrs/attrs/blob/master/changelog.d).

If you have *any* questions to *any* of the points above, just **submit and ask**!  This checklist is here to *help* you, not to deter you from contributing!

Commit message:

Resync web-platform-tests/tools from upstream https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=267243
Reviewed by Tim Nguyen.

Resync web-platform-tests/tools from upstream 04f393fc.

* LayoutTests/imported/w3c/web-platform-tests/tools/*: Updated.

Canonical link: https://commits.webkit.org/272796@main

LayoutTests/imported/w3c/web-platform-tests/tools/third_party/attrs/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Summary

<!-- Please tell us what your pull request is about here. -->


# Pull Request Check List

<!--
This is just a friendly reminder about the most common mistakes.
Please make sure that you tick all boxes.
But please read our [contribution guide](https://github.com/python-attrs/attrs/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) at least once, it will save you unnecessary review cycles!

If an item doesn't apply to your pull request, **check it anyway** to make it apparent that there's nothing left to do.
If your pull request is a documentation fix or a trivial typo, feel free to delete the whole thing.
-->

- [ ] Added **tests** for changed code.
  Our CI fails if coverage is not 100%.
- [ ] New features have been added to our [Hypothesis testing strategy](https://github.com/python-attrs/attrs/blob/main/tests/strategies.py).
- [ ] Changes or additions to public APIs are reflected in our type stubs (files ending in ``.pyi``).
    - [ ] ...and used in the stub test file `tests/typing_example.py`.
    - [ ] If they've been added to `attr/__init__.pyi`, they've *also* been re-imported in `attrs/__init__.pyi`.
- [ ] Updated **documentation** for changed code.
    - [ ] New functions/classes have to be added to `docs/api.rst` by hand.
    - [ ] Changes to the signature of `@attr.s()` have to be added by hand too.
    - [ ] Changed/added classes/methods/functions have appropriate `versionadded`, `versionchanged`, or `deprecated` [directives](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/markup/para.html#directive-versionadded).
          Find the appropriate next version in our [``__init__.py``](https://github.com/python-attrs/attrs/blob/main/src/attr/__init__.py) file.
- [ ] Documentation in `.rst` files is written using [semantic newlines](https://rhodesmill.org/brandon/2012/one-sentence-per-line/).
- [ ] Changes (and possible deprecations) have news fragments in [`changelog.d`](https://github.com/python-attrs/attrs/blob/main/changelog.d).

<!--
If you have *any* questions to *any* of the points above, just **submit and ask**!
This checklist is here to *help* you, not to deter you from contributing!
-->
